
##### IMPORTANT

While this asset pack is effectively in the public domain, intellectual monopoly over "Slender Man" as a character is claimed by Eric Knudsen and associates (notably Mythology Entertainment, a company purportedly working on an "official" Slender Man movie).

---

### Terms and Conditions

1. There aren't any. Information isn't property, and duplication isn't theft! If you make use of these files...
   - You do not need to pay me (though I'd appreciate a donation!).
   - You do not need to credit me (though I'd love a shoutout!).

If you'd like to share the original files publicly, I'd appreciate if you'd link back to my download page rather than redistributing the files themselves:
https://repromancer.itch.io/slender-man-character-model

Most importantly, I hope you have fun using my work, and show off whatever you make!

If you'd like to get in touch, you can find my email and social media accounts at my personal website: repromancer.me

---

# Usage

The rigged game-res model is contained in `repromancer_slender_man_rigged.blend` and is organized like so:

Layer 1: Character Model
Layer 2: Rig (generated using Rigify)

Layer 19: The Rigify Meta-Rig used to generate the rig.
Layer 20: Custom bone meshes generated by Rigify.

---

## Textures

The character model uses two materials which correspond to two texture sets: clothing and skin.

The head and hands (the skin material) are unwrapped in a single UV map (the hands are mirrored).

Everything else (the clothing material) is on a second UV map (the shoes are mirrored, and the buttons all use the same texture space).

The textures were designed for use in PBR engines using the metallic/roughness model.

(NOTE: AFTER IMPORTING INTO UE4, make sure to double click the roughness and metallic textures and uncheck the sRGB boxes. Otherwise, the materials will look like shiny plastic!)

---

## Rig

The rig was generated with the Rigify addon, which I'm told is compatible with Unreal Engine 4:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KDP7GHFtAtE

As well as with Unity 5:
https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/BlenderAndRigify.html

The model and rig are scaled to be roughly 2.5m / 8ft tall in UE4 scale.

If you are unfamiliar with using the Rigify rig, search YouTube for tutorials. There are lots of them!

---

## Hi-Res Meshes

The original hi-res sculpted meshes are contained in `repromancer_slender_man_sculpt.blend`.
The sculpted meshes are at 1:1 scale with the game-res model.

---

Please let me know what you think! You can find my contact information at my personal website: repromancer.me
